### Overview

A new component, `ResponsiveClipper`, aimed at giving us an easy, plug ’n play way to apply curved/complex borders to sections and content. It is a wrapper component which accepts content to clip through a named slot: `<template #clipped-content>`. Another slot, `<template #overlay-content>`, accepts content to superimpose overtop of the clipped region. The former slot is absolutely positioned with respect to the wrapping container and the latter is the only child of the wrapper which is relatively positioned. Therefore, both the wrapper and the clipped content will assume the dimensions of whatever is passed into `overlay-content` by default. There should be no need to manually align sibling slot contents. If no content is supplied to the `overlay-content` slot, dimensions should be given either explicitly or implicitly to the root element of the component through css, i.e. the wrapper/container.

In terms of how to actually apply a clip path to clipped content, a third slot is available (`<template #svg-path>`) which accepts an svg or simple path element. The component will automatically handle parsing the contents of this slot in order to extract a path to use for clipping. You should be able to simply copy and paste an SVG from Figma or elsewhere into this slot and go. In order to make the clip region responsive, the component derives a new path from the original path found in this slot according to some instructions supplied through props. A window resize event listener triggers recalculation of the path on each resize event. The path will be adjusted initially and on resize to fill the bounding client rect of the wrapper root element.

### Props

`breakpoints-x` - an array of numbers. Numbers should appear in pairs; the first of the two designating the pixel coordinate of the beginning of the responsive region and the second designating the end. For example, an array, [30, 150], would create a responsive region in the x access of the SVG starting at x = 30px and ending at x = 150px. This means that this region of the _**original**_ SVG will be recalculated to either expand or collapse as the container is resized in order to fill the bounding client rect of the container. SVG regions outside these values will retain their original _**relative**_ values and so will preserve their shape and proportions as the container and SVG are resized.

`breakpoints-y` - the same as above but for the y axis.

`display-guides` - this is a helper/debugger prop that should be removed or set to `false` in production. When set to `true`, it overlays a canvas on the SVG and draws lines along the boundaries of the responsive regions mentioned above. This is intended to help visualize exactly what regions will collapse/expand and which will remain unaltered. Important to note is that when set to `true` and lines are drawn, the responsive functionality outlined above will be disabled and the original SVG will be shown with overflowing or underflowing dimensions. This is intentional as the guidelines are meant to show you what regions of the _**original**_ SVG path are being converted into responsive or preserved regions.
